fixes API guide changes, create-bucket, aliases (#2860)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/cloud/organizations/buckets/create-bucket.md

        --name temperature \
        --columns-file schema.json
      ```

### Create a bucket using the InfluxDB API

Use the InfluxDB API to create a bucket.

{{% note %}}
#### Bucket limits
A single InfluxDB 2.0 OSS instance supports approximately 20 buckets actively being
written to or queried across all organizations depending on the use case.
Any more than that can adversely affect performance.
{{% /note %}}

Create a bucket in InfluxDB using an HTTP request to the InfluxDB API `/buckets` endpoint.
Use the `POST` request method and include the following in your request:

| Requirement          | Include by                                               |
|:-----------          |:----------                                               |
| Organization         | Use `orgID` in the JSON payload.                |
| Bucket               | Use `name` in the JSON payload.                 |
| Retention Rules      | Use `retentionRules` in the JSON payload.    |
| Authentication token | Use the `Authorization: Token` header.                   |

#### Example

> The URL depends on the version and location of your InfluxDB 2.0 instance _(see [InfluxDB URLs](/{{< latest "influxdb" >}}/reference/urls/))_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The URL depends on your InfluxDB Cloud region _(see [InfluxDB URLs](/influxdb/cloud/reference/regions/))_.
```

```sh
{{% get-shared-text "api/v2.0/buckets/oss/create.sh" %}}
```

_For information about **InfluxDB API options and response codes**, see

> [InfluxDB API Buckets documentation](/influxdb/v2.0/api/#operation/PostBuckets)._      

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[InfluxDB API Buckets documentation](/influxdb/cloud/api/#operation/PostBuckets)._      
```
